iteration 0
pid: 14585 execution time: 29 s
total execution time: 29 s
iteration 1
pid: 14583 execution time: 56 s
total execution time: 85 s
iteration 2
pid: 14836 execution time: 47 s
total execution time: 132 s
iteration 3
pid: 15041 execution time: 51 s
total execution time: 183 s
iteration 4
pid: 16400 execution time: 55 s
total execution time: 238 s
iteration 5
pid: 16404 execution time: 54 s
total execution time: 292 s
iteration 6
pid: 4283 execution time: 38 s
total execution time: 330 s
iteration 7
pid: 4353 execution time: 57 s
total execution time: 387 s
iteration 8
pid: 4361 execution time: 66 s
total execution time: 453 s
iteration 9
pid: 4424 execution time: 58 s
total execution time: 511 s
iteration 10
pid: 6409 execution time: 64 s
total execution time: 575 s
iteration 11
pid: 6412 execution time: 69 s
total execution time: 644 s
iteration 12
pid: 6415 execution time: 67 s
total execution time: 711 s
iteration 13
pid: 9175 execution time: 68 s
total execution time: 779 s
iteration 14
pid: 9177 execution time: 72 s
total execution time: 851 s
iteration 15
pid: 9181 execution time: 69 s
total execution time: 920 s
